Variables and Functions:

Variables are a specific box of information. They are assigned a value, any information quantity, either known or unknown. There must be a different variable for each type of value or information. 

In C#, you begin with the definition of the variable. For instance, "int" (meaning "integer") states that the variable's value will be a whole number. Then you name the variable and finally initialize its value after "=", as is the case with most coding languages.

Simply defining a variable doesn't actually cause it to do or run anything. In order to run, you must put the variable in a function.

Functions are specific instructions given to a program in order to perform a task in sequence. These instructions are packaged together into a single unit, like a variable or object. 

An example is "Debug.Log" is a command in C# that prints the subject to the console, much like "Console.Log" does in JavaScript. Another example is "void", which is a basic function that doesn't return anything after it has performed its task.

Functions have parameters (arguments) set by parentheses following the name of the function. Curly brackets hold the actual workings of the function.

A function must be "called" in order to run. Simply creating and writing it only defines the function. It doesn't actually tell it to do anything. By calling it, you bring up the function and command it to run its task.

Data Types:

All variables have a "data type". The two primary types are "value" and "reference".

Value data types include integers, floats, doubles, booleans, and characters. Structures are value types that includ two or more other variables within them. Reference data types include any variable that is an object of a class. 

The difference between value and reference is that value is any variable containing a value (obviously), whereas reference variables are a memory address for the value defined elsewhere. Value variables change the value for that specific variable and one does not change another, but a reference can change the value of a defined variable everywhere.
